I gave evasive and ambiguous answers to the questions.	1
I took a long time before responding to the questions.	1
I gave very brief answers.	1
Lady on phone asked if the number was my current phone number.	0
I said yes when in fact it isn't.	1
It looks like we'll just have to sit here and be bored until the experimenter gets back.	1
I have made some notes because I cannot remember anything.	1
He is determined to win.	0
John moved to Florida because of the nice weather.	0
My friend didn't care what I thought.	1
My friend appeared to be nervous talking with me.	1
I was sincere in answering the question.	0
All my answers to the questions were truthful.	0
Do you want to see more ?	0
Was Pat a good employee ?	0
Well, umm, that's depends on what you call a good employee.	1
I think Pat is a good employee, and you would be wise to hire him.	0
I think Pat was not a good employee, and you should not hire him.	1
I walked quickly.	0
I worked hard to achieve my goal.	0
I decided to buy that model.	0
Have you cleared the table and washed the dishes?	0
I’ve cleared the table.	1
Am I in time for supper?	0
Would you like ham or salad on your sandwich?	0
I selected the option that maximised my profit.	0
I chose the option that seemed to be the most beneficial to me.	0
Where do you get these crazy ideas ?	0
Will you please stop bugging me ?	0
Is this the object which was stolen ?	0
Is this the card you picked ?	0
Did Mark know that his mother had moved his chocolate bar to the box?	0
Where does Mark think his chocolate bar is?	0
Did you break the pot ?	0
I never touched the pot.	1
I forgot to do my homework.	1
Do you know you were going over the speed limit ?	0
Oh, I wasn’t really paying attention to the speedometer.	1
When is our appointment ?	0
It's at 10.30 AM on Thursday.	0
How did you like it ?	0
A kind of liked it.	1
I’m not sure, but your mum isn’t coming today.	1
Is there something you want to tell her, or that is worrying you ?	0
Can you tell it to me ?	0
Am I doing something that is morally wrong or unethical ?	0
I’m not sure Nora, but I’ve been meaning to show you the new tulips the gardener planted yesterday so I thought we could have a cup of tea and wander round the garden seeing as the sun is shining for a change!	1
Oh, I think the injury is slightly deep.	1
Oh, I think the injury is quite deep.	1
Weather is extremely hot today.	0
This is a painful story.	0
The person is physically challenged.	0
Will you conceal the matter before committee ?	0
I lied about something I didn't want him to know.	1
I told the lie so I could keep some privacy about my personal life.	1
I told her that I admire her uninhibited way.	1
So she would not think that I was a prude.	1
I said I was not worried about my grades.	1
I didn't want him to think I was stupid.	1
That I am so smart that it is easy to pull them up.	1
Told customer that if she likes her jeans that way, they were not too tight.	1
To sell the outfit.	0
I told her I had been studying hard.	1
Because she's my mother and she'd kill me if she thought I hadn't been studying.	1
Said we paid off all bills except standard monthly, but haven't.	1
So he would co-sign for new house I want even though he thinks it's too much money.	1
I told her I had to be in Washington to see a doctor.	1
Actually, I wanted to visit a friend to trade computer software.	0
Told son to clean up room and get ready for the weekend and maybe we'd do something special.	1
Needed his room cleaned up.	0
I told her that I'd love for her to stay with me and my family if she wanted to when I really wanted to be alone with them.	1
She was lonely and I didn't want her to have to stay in the dorm by herself.	1
I told her she was nice-looking even though she isn't.	1
To make her feel good.	0
Acted like I didn't know the information she was giving me.	1
So she could feel helpful.	0
Told him I loved the food he ordered for me when it wasn't that great.	1
Didn't want to make him feel bad.	0
I told her I didn't mind going shopping if she wanted me to.	1
She needs my help but wouldn't ask if she thought I didn't want to go.	1
My friend is coming over for tea and I am too tired to see her.	1
Told him the boss wanted to talk to him, but he really didn't.	1
I had a wonderful time at your party, so glad you invited me.	1
She was probably five foot eleven, no, more likely five foot seven.	1
I think she had black shoes on.	1
She just walked in, she didn't knock or anything.	1
She was very polite.	0
He seemed very confident.	0
How do you feel at this moment ?	0
How effective was the training program ?	0
What was the person’s eye colour ?	0
What did you think of the expression ?	0
Why did you answer this way ?	0
What was the last movie that you went to see ?	0
What is the name of your first School?	0
What is your mother's maiden name?	0
How many brother's and sister's do you have?	0
What is the name of the place where you grew up?	0
What is your father's first name?	0
What was your favourite subject at school?	0
What is the name of a book or cd that you recently bought?	0
Where was the last place that you went on holiday?	0
What kind of toothpaste do you usually use?	0
What is your favourite leisure pastime?	0
*lf you admire a famous person, who would it be?	0
What is the subject that you least liked at school?	0
What is the name of one of your bestfriends?	0
Which is a sport or game that you like playing?	0
What do you most like about Nottingham?	0
What do you least like about England?	0
*If you could choose any, which car would you buy?	0
What do you do if you want to get some exercise?	0
Which shop have you recently bought clothes from?	0
What did you have for dinner last night?	0
When did you last go to the cinema?	0
What is your favourite drink?	0
*lf you could have anything as a pet, what would it be?	0
Name an ambition that you have?	0
What have you watched on television recently?	0
What are you studying, or have studied at university?	0
Which newspaper would you buy?	0
Which magazine do you like to read?	0
Which programmes would you never watch on TV?	0
Who is a movie star that you don't like?	0
What is your most prized possession?	0
Name a drink that you don't like?	0
Who or what really makes you laugh?	0
What irritates you?	0
What will you do with your friends this week?	0
Where would you like to visit that you've not been to before?	0
Where will you be next weekend?	0
Where do your parents live?	0
Which radio station do you listen to most?	0
What would you do if you won the lottery jackpot?	0
What is your favourite colour?	0
How old were you when you passed your driving test?	0
Name a country outside of the UK that you have visited?	0
Which is your favourite comedy programme on TV?	0
Is there a food that you find disgusting?	0
What is your favourite food?	0
If there were a general election tomorrow, who would you vote for?	0
What is the name of a band or singer that you like?	0
What is a job that one of your parents does?	0
How many pairs of shoes do you own?	0
Which is the website that you most frequently visit?	0
When was the last time that you read a newspaper?	0
Have you ever been caught speeding, if so how many times?	0
Which famous person would you like to have lunch with?	0
*What is the most beautiful thing you can think of!	0
What was the last book you borrowed from the library?	0
We’ll move on to the next section, which we’re calling the musical section.	0
How did you do on that section?	0
I did excellent on that one.	1
Sort of k- k- corresponds with not being a good athlete.	1
Had to do something right.	1
And so why do you think you did so well on that section?	0
Um, well, my grandmother was a concert violinist, and she left me her violin.	1
And so I started playing at a really early age, and so I developed an ear and, you know, it was just somewhat of an innate thing.	1
Where did your grandmother play?	0
My grandmother - well, um, okay - she was a concert violinist, but she wasn’t huge.	1
But she played for the Cape Cod Symphony.	1
And, uh, what kind of violin did she leave you?	0
It was a really old violin.	1
They weren’t exactly sure who the maker was, but they thought it was from Germany.	1
And how long have you been playing the violin?	0
Since I was four.	1
Basically since I could hold the violin.	1
Do you play in the orchestra here?	0
I don’t - I actually stopped.	1
Um, I guess I got a little burned out.	1
I just play for myself mostly now.	1
Who’s your favourite composer for the violin?	0
Um, my favourite composer.	1
Um, Haydn.	1
What’s the hardest piece you’ve ever played?	0
Hardest piece, um, [0.8 second silence] that would have to be the Minuet in G Major.	1
Great, uh so we’ll move on now to the musical section.	0
Okay.	0
I did good.	0
So that was your score, good?	0
Yes.	0
Why do you think you did so well on that section?	0
I’ve always been very musical.	0
My parents used to sing to me when I was little.	0
And I played piano.	0
Uh, how long did you play the piano?	0
Since I was eleven.	0
Are there particular composers you enjoy?	0
On the piano?	0
I like Mozart and Bach.	0
And I like to play rock and roll, but um- I can’t play, uh, much complex songs.	0
But I could play this fake book.	0
And what sort of music do you enjoy listening to?	0
Um, rock and roll and classical music, too.	0
Do you have particular favourite composers you enjoy listening to?	0
Didn’t I just tell you that?	0
oh [laughs] composers.	0
Well, I like to listen to the Rolling Stones.	0
I'm walking in the upstairs door right now.	0
I don't think he was actually walking in the door. I think he was a little further away.	1
Please first of all tell me all about your conversation with the experimenter.	0
What did the experimenter and you discuss at the start of your conversation?	0
Can you tell me everything that the experimenter told you about herself?	0
Was the experimenter with you in the room all the time?	0
How did the conversation end?	0
I found this section of the interview difficult.	1
I felt anxious during this section of the interview.	1
I am confident that I convinced the interviewer that I was telling the truth.	1
I would describe this part of the interview as appropriately paced.	0
I would describe this part of the interview as awkward.	1
I found describing things difficult in this language.	1
I believe that the participant told the truth in this section.	0
I felt that the participant was trustworthy.	0
I felt that the participant was honest.	0
I felt that the participant was suspicious.	1
I felt that the participant was distracted.	1
How did the game end?	0
How did you think you were doing compared to the other player mid-game?	0
What questions did you ask to find out who the target was?	0
What happened in the first few moments of the game?	0
I am able to recognize others' subtle and indirect messages.	0
I often bend the truth if the truth would hurt someone.	1
I am modest when I communicate with others.	0
I listen very carefully to people when they talk.	0
Right now, it would take a lot of effort for me to concentrate on something.	0
I can't absorb any more information.	1
I feel sharp and focused.	0
Can you please describe to me, into as much detail as possible, what you saw during the virtual tour ?	0
Please tell me everything you have learned about the Louvre/library on campus today, that you did not know before.	0
Please tell me where you were when doing the virtual.	0
How did you try to find out the answers to the questions?	0
Can you tell me as much as possible about the answers you found?	0
Did you actually do the virtual tour?	0
Tell me what you did to find out the answers to the questions.	0
If you actually had done the virtual tour, wouldn’t you have been able to answer the questions better?	0
Have you ever visited the art exhibition or Louvre before?	0
What is the worst job you ever had and why did you dislike it?	0
What would you do if your boss gave you credit for someone else's work?	0
Tell me about a time when you thought of stealing something valuable from someone.	0
Please tell me everything you did today from leaving your home to arriving for this interview.	0
What do you consider to be your greatest strengths?	0
What else are you going to do today? Who will you see and where will you go?	0
Think about people that really irritate you. Why do they bother or annoy you?	0
What do you plan to do during your next break or vacation?	0
Remember the room where you arrived for the experiment. Tell me everything about that room and what happened while you were there.	0
Tell me about a time when you told a serious lie to get out of trouble.	0
If you found a wallet containing $1,000 and no identification in it, what would you do with it and why?	0
What is the worst restaurant you ever went to? Why did you dislike it?	0
Monsieur I am delighted to find you up and to see that you are better.	0
I was told that Monsieur was better, I think he looks well.	1
It’s true.	0
I made a friend look a fool by convincing him I was a girl.	1
It is bad when there is no where a person can go to where someone could be honest, we stay on the net cause we have[ ... ] been wore out by all the lies from people in the real world.	1
When first asked what I looked like, I said I was fat and ugly, then said I was joking and gave them the description I wanted them to believe.	1
I saw that the car was missing.	0
I heard the screen door slam.	0
I heard sounds coming from above me.	0
I don’t understand this, could you please explain this to me?	0
I don’t believe you, are you trying to fool me?	0
To be quite honest, I don’t know exactly what substance I was guilty of using.	1
To be honest, as far as I remember, it came to me somehow during the sales conference last month.	0
This is a terrific model. It sells out all the time.	0
I think this is a terrific model.	1
I sell out of it all the time.	1
Why did you steal the money?	0
I didn’t steal anything!	0
I did not take anything.	1
[It was a] very detailed and thorough story.	0
The story was so vague, I thought it was a lie.	1
It's something that she would actually do.	0
She seemed really sad when telling the story.	1
She didn't look genuinely happy.	1
[The sender was] really smooth.	0
Unsure of her story; [it] didn't flow.	1
It just felt right.	0
[I had a] gut feeling [that it was a lie].	0
The story was easy to believe.	0
[It was] just too outlandish.	1
I thought the story was true.	1
It was a lie.	1
You just don't lie about something like that.	1
She looked and sounded honest.	0
The story sounded okay, but she kept fidgeting.	1
If he were lying, he would have had to come up with something different from what he said.	1
The dates weren't right for the story to be true.	1
I think she would have told me that story before if it had really happened.	1
[He] would have told me before now.	1
It was a good story.	0
It all made sense.	0
She told the story in a sincere voice.	0
His voice cracked.	0
He looked me in the eyes.	0
She played with her hair a lot.	1
She stated that from the beginning.	0
I am on the lookout for fake stories so perhaps that influenced me.	1
Did you go on lots of rides at the fairground, Claire?	0
Yes, I even went on the really big roller coaster and didn’t shut my eyes.	1
Weren’t you scared?	0
No, it was fun. I can’t wait to do it again.	0
Why didn’t you hand your homework in on time, Mel?	0
So you did finish your homework?	0
No matter who I’m talking to, I’m always a good listener.	0
You are not doing as well in this class as you might be !	0
Self-deceivers are liars, whether they know it or not.	0
Am I able to wear a seatbelt consistently ?	0
I know that we broke up but I don’t want to call him, because then it will really be over.	1
I suppose, this will be very useful to you in the future.	1
The marks?	0
Please describe exactly how you arranged the four objects you placed on the table at the centre of the room ?	0
We have information telling us that you recently visited the central station.	0
We have CCTV footage showing that you collected a package from a deposit box at the central station, ground floor level, on the 24th of August at 7.30pm.	0
What is the main purpose of your trip?	0
How are you going to travel to your destination?	0
What part of the trip was easiest to plan?	0
Keep in mind an image of the most important thing you are going to do on this trip.	0
Please describe this mental image in detail?	0
I’ve just started a new business and I’m trying to build up my reputation as a photographer.	1
Where did the bombing occur?	0
Where did the bomb go off?	0
Where did the bombing happen?	0
We were walking down Whitman road and I remember hearing a few cars screeching to stop in the middle of the street. There were a fare number of people around. A few started to run towards the building.	0
Umm, I can’t remember all the details of what I have heard… I do remember them talking about “causing damage” a few times; I could have easily heard wrong.	1
Umm, I can not remember all the details of what I have heard, I do remember them talking about causing damage a few times, but I could have easily heard wrong.	1
I think there were a few cars that just stopped in the middle of the road.	1
We have information that you were at a luggage store.	0
We have CCTV footage showing that you bought a suitcase.	0
I tried to include as much information as possible.	0
I just told the truth about what I have seen.	0
I tried to remember everything in sequence.	0
I put myself in the agent's position to be able to connect the information.	0
I tried to be consisted in the information I delivered.	0
I hesitated when asked about the trip to Prague so that if I hesitated when asked about the spy mission, it might not sound so obviously different to the usual way in which I answered questions.	1
I tried to keep some details that were in the actual discussion.	1
I gave as many details and reason...justifys as possible for the agents' actions.	0
Don't over explain things; try to keep it easy to remember.	0
I tried to adjust my answers to the interviewer’s values and beliefs.	1
I waited for 7 minutes.	1
I waited for 10 minutes.	1
Did you know any of the other people waiting?	0
I walked straight to the library.	1
I walked straight to the library, passing the cafeteria on my way.	1
About how many people were there at the cafeteria?	0
I went to the bathrooms to fill my water bottle and to take a look in the mirror.	1
I went to the bathrooms to take a look in the mirror.	1
Was there anyone else in the bathrooms?	0
We briefly spoke about uni.	1
We spoke briefly.	1
How long did you speak for?	0
There was a female student with jeans and a beige jacket.	1
There was a female student with jeans and a black jacket.	1
What was the student doing?	0
The pictures on the wall depicted people and nature.	0
The pictures on the wall depicted people, animals and nature.	0
What size were the pictures?	0
I told stories that contained both real and fictional work experiences.	1
I claimed that I have skills that I do not have.	1
When asked directly, I did not mention my true reason...justify for quitting my previous job.	1
When asked directly, I did not mention some problems that I had in past jobs.	1
I tried to suppress my connection to negative events in my work history.	1
