She was less comfortable telling this story.	1
This was a story she felt less at ease telling.	1
Telling this story made her feel less at ease.	1
This was not the story she felt most at ease telling.	1
It's something that she would actually do.	1
She would genuinely take action on it.	1
It's something she would genuinely carry out.	1
She would genuinely take action in this regard.	1
He doesn't seem like he would drink with his parents.	1
It appears that he would not partake in alcohol with his parents.	1
He does not appear to be a drinker when around his parents.	1
It is unlikely that he would partake in alcohol with his parents.	1
It doesn't appear like he would partake in alcohol consumption with his parents.	1
He was laid back when he told the story, not nervous.	1
When he delivered the anecdote, he was not nervous; rather, he was casual.	1
He didn't seem apprehensive at all when he told the story.	1
Instead of being nervous, he was relaxed as he related the tale.	1
It was a lie.	1
It was untrue.	1
It wasn't true.	1
That was false.	1
The topic was too sensitive to lie about.	1
It was too delicate a subject to lie about.	1
Lying on such a delicate subject was not an option.	1
There was no way I could lie about such a delicate subject.	1
It would have been inappropriate to lie on such a delicate subject.	1
You just don't lie about something like that.	1
You simply don't tell lies about that kind of thing.	1
Simply put, you wouldn't lie about something like that.	1
You simply do not tell lies about such things.	1
It was too important to lie about.	1
It was just too significant to be untrue.	1
Too much depended on it to be lied about.	1
The matter was too significant to fabricate.	1
There was no way I could have lied about it.	1
The boss was so stingy, he didn't reward me for all the work I did, so I took some myself.	1
Because my supervisor was so inconsiderate, I took some of the work I did because he didn't give me credit for it all.	1
I took part of the job myself because the employer was so unappreciative of all the effort I done.	1
I brought some work home with me because my boss was so inconsiderate that he didn't value all of the work I produced.	1
I swear to God, I was home last night.	1
I was home yesterday night, I promise you.	1
I swear to God that I spent last night at home.	1
I was at home last night, I promise you.	1
To tell you the truth, I thought those numbers looked a little off myself.	1
To be honest, I too felt that the numbers were a little odd.	1
The fact is, I also felt that the numbers were a little strange.	1
The numbers seemed a little strange to me, to be honest.	1
I don t know how that showed up on your bill, to be honest.	1
To be honest, I have no idea how that ended up on your bill.	1
Honestly, I'm not sure how that ended up on your bill.	1
To tell the truth, I have no idea how that appeared on your bill.	1
I suspect my partner was not telling me the truth.	1
My spouse wasn't telling me the whole truth, I think.	1
My partner might not have been telling the truth, in my opinion.	1
I told him I had done poorly on my calculus homework when I had aced it.	1
Even though I had aced my math homework, I told him I had done poorly.	1
I told him that even though I had aced my calculus homework, I had done poorly on it.	1
Though I'd aced my math homework, I told him I'd done poorly on it.	1
I told him I didn't take out our garbage because I didn't know where to take it.	1
I told him that I didn't know where to take our trash, so I didn't take it out.	1
I explained to him that I had not taken out our trash because I had not known where to put it.	1
Reminding him that I didn't know where to take our trash, I told him.	1
Told her she looked well, voice sounded good when she looks less well than a few weeks ago.	1
Told her that although she didn't look as great as she did a few weeks earlier, her voice sounded terrific.	1
Told her that although her appearance had improved a few weeks prior, her voice sounded nice and she looked great.	1
She looked better than a few weeks ago, but you told her that her voice sounded nice and she looked great.	1
Informed her that although she didn't look as great as she did a few weeks earlier, her voice sounded terrific.	1
Exaggerated how sorry I was to be late.	1
I apologized a lot for being late.	1
I lied when I said I was sorry for being late.	1
Felt compelled to apologize for my tardiness.	1
I apologized profusely for being late.	1
Disagreed when she told me my drawing was good even though I thought it was.	1
I didn't agree with her when she said my drawing was good, even though I did.	1
I wasn't in agreement when she said my drawing was good, even though I felt it was.	1
Though I believed my drawing was good, I disagreed with her when she said it was.	1
I worked hard to achieve my goal.	1
To reach my goal, I put forth a lot of effort.	1
To accomplish my aim, I worked very hard.	1
To reach my goal, I put in a lot of work.	1
I put a lot of effort into achieving my objective.	1
hey I just got your missed call.	1
Hey, your missed call just reached me.	1
Hello, I saw that you missed our call.	1
I noticed that your call was missed.	1
Hello, I just noticed that your call was missed.	1
okay last question and then I have to get to class.	0
Alright, one last question before I get to class.	0
I have to leave for class after this last question.	0
Alright, one final query before I get to class.	0
Anyway, I have to go so I can write a paper.	1
In any case, I have to leave so that I can finish my paper.	1
I have to leave, though, so I can finish writing my paper.	1
That being said, I must depart in order to compose a paper.	1
In any case, I must leave so that I may finish writing my paper.	1
alright I'am going to get some dinner..i'll speak to you later.	1
Okay, I'm heading to grab some dinner and will talk to you later.	1
I will talk to you later. Alright, I'm heading to grab some food.	1
Okay, I'll talk to you later. I'm out to get some dinner.	1
I'm going to grab some lunch now, I guess.	1
I suppose I'll go have some food now.	1
I guess I'm going to have some food now.	1
Now I suppose I'll go have some food.	1
I forgot about it completely.	1
I completely lost track of it.	1
I entirely forgot about it.	1
I totally lost track of it.	1
It absolutely slipped my mind.	1
I have lots of work, so I can't.	1
I'm unable to because of my workload.	1
I can't since I have a lot of work.	1
I cannot since I am overworked.	1
I had a conference all week and got home late last night and passed out.	1
I returned home late last night after a week-long conference and passed out.	1
I was exhausted after a late-night meeting all this week.	1
After returning home late yesterday night from a conference that lasted the entire week, I passed out.	1
I returned home late last night from a conference that lasted the entire week, and I passed out.	1
I know it happened because I can remember I had the note on my calendar.	0
I can recall having the notation on my calendar, so I know it happened.	0
Since I can still recall seeing the note on my calendar, I am positive it happened.	0
My memory of having the notation on my calendar allows me to confirm that it did indeed happen.	0
I distinctly recall having the notation in my calendar, so I know it happened.	0
Is it correct that personnel cannot be charged to an award until their COI Training is completed ?	0
Is it true that employees cannot be charged to an award until they have finished their COI training?	0
Do employees have to wait to be charged to an award until after they have finished their COI training?	0
With her injuries it's doubtful that she'll ever walk again.	1
It's unlikely that she will ever be able to walk normally due to her injuries.	1
She probably won't be able to walk again due to her injuries.	1
Her chances of ever walking again are slim due to her injuries.	1
Rose is due to start school in January.	0
Rose's first day of school is in January.	0
In January, Rose is supposed to start school.	0
January marks Rose's scheduled start of school.	0
Is it true or false that the Robinson projection shows the size of the continents accurately and the water areas are expanded to fill the extra ?	0
Is it realistic to say that the continents' sizes are depicted in the Robinson projection, and the sea areas are enlarged to fill in the gaps?	0
Is it true or incorrect that the water areas are enlarged to occupy the extra space in the Robinson projection, which appropriately depicts the size of the continents?	0
Is it correct that the ocean areas are enlarged to fit the excess space in the Robinson projection, which depicts the sizes of the continents accurately?	0
Is it true or incorrect that the water areas are stretched to occupy the excess space in the Robinson projection, which appropriately depicts the size of the continents?	0
It was inevitable that there would be job losses.	0
A certain amount of jobs would have to be lost.	0
It was inevitable that people would lose their jobs.	0
Losses of employment were unavoidable.	0
It's just possible that I gave them the wrong directions.	1
Maybe I just gave them the wrong instructions.	1
I might have just given them the incorrect instructions.	1
I could have just given them the wrong instructions.	1
It's possible that I misdirected them.	1
Is it right that mostly college drop-out students run the biggest business in the world ?	0
Is it accurate to say that the largest company in the world is primarily run by college dropouts?	0
Does the largest company in the world primarily consist of college dropouts?	0
Is it true that the largest company in the world is primarily run by college dropouts?	0
These control failures are certain to happen occasionally.	1
There will inevitably be occasional instances of these control failures.	1
It is inevitable that there may be occasional control failures.	1
Undoubtedly, there will be some instances of these control failures.	1
Tell me where you are?	0
Please let me know where you are.	0
Could you tell me where you are?	0
Please tell me your location.	0
Ehm : Oh God (laughs)	1
Oh God, ehm (laughs)	1
Ehm: Oh my God, he laughs.	1
Oh God, Ehm says, laughing.	1
Ehm: God, that's hilarious.	1
Right : two along from the bottom one up	0
Right: two in a row, starting at the bottom.	0
Right: two running up from the bottom	0
Right: two consecutive ones starting from the bottom.	0
Two along from the bottom, which side?	0
Which side is two along from the bottom?	0
On which side are two from the bottom?	0
The left : going from left to right in the second box.	0
The left: in the second box, moving from left to right.	0
The left: navigating the second box from left to right.	0
Within the second box, the left is moving from left to right.	0
In the second box, the left is moving from left to right.	0
You re in the second box.	0
The second box contains you.	0
In the second box, you are.	0
You are located in the second container.	0
One up (1 sec.) I take it we ve got identical mazes?	0
One up (one second) I assume that our mazes are the same?	0
One second up Are our mazes exactly the same, I assume it?	0
A single up (1 second) Do our mazes look the same to you?	0
Yeah well : right, starting from the left, you re one along	0
Yes, that's correct. Let's start from the left and work our way down.	0
Okay, so you're one along. Let's start from the left.	0
Indeed, in that case, you're one along. Let's start from the left.	0
Alright, so you're one along. Let's start from the left.	0
Uh-huh	0
Yes, I understand.	0
Well, yeah	0